cloud-docker-1.0.0-file-sync-option-updates (#6448)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-syncing-data.md

---
group: cloud-guide
title: Synchronizing data in a Docker developer environment
functional_areas:
  - Cloud
  - Setup
  - Configuration
---

> In a Docker development environment, the {{site.data.var.ee}} application works only if the Docker containers have access to the {{site.data.var.ee}} application data. You can provide access either by directly mapping the current working directory, or by using a file synchronization tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Docker development environment, the {{site.data.var.ee}} application works only if the Docker containers have access to the {{site.data.var.ee}} application data. You can provide access either by directly mapping the current working directory or by using a file synchronization tool.
```

The {{site.data.var.mcd}}  `docker-build` command provides the `--sync-engine <type>` option to select the file synchronization behavior when you build the `docker-compose.yml` configuration file. You can select from the following values:

`--sync-engine` value | Description
--------------------- | ------------
`native` | Maps the current working directory to the `/app` directory on each volume, which provides direct access to the data without requiring any synchronization. The `native` option is the default and works well on Linux native hosts. On macOS or Windows hosts, this option results in extremely slow performance in the Docker environment.
`mutagen` | Uses [Mutagen] for file synchronization. When you select Mutagen, you must [install Mutagen] on your host operating system before you [launch Docker in developer mode]. Use this option on macOS or Windows hosts.
`docker-sync` | Uses [docker-sync] for file synchronization. When you select docker-sync, you must [install docker-sync] on your host operating system before you [launch Docker in developer mode]. Use this option on macOS or Windows hosts.

> Launching the Docker development environment using the native file synchronization option maps to the `/app` folder for the following containers:

Reviewer: This sentence reads a little bizarre. Launching..maps to folder...I kind of understand it because  it was already stated in the table and there is a container list below, but the wording could be better. Here is an option:

```suggestion
The working directory maps to the volume `/app` directory for each of the following containers when you use the `native` file synchronization option to launch the Docker development environment:
```
